- accomplished
	- workout (strength)
	- more setup of EndeavourOS
- substack reading
	- got to these set of readings from the *Decoding the Gurus* podcast
		- about the "crisis" with men
			- https://beiner.substack.com/p/broken-men-in-a-broken-world-the
				- *When instead we work with these aspects of masculinity, we can channel them toward something meaningful, respectful and supportive. In my experience, masculine aggression can be transformed most effective when it is owned, and then directed toward a virtuous higher purpose. That might be family, or society, an ideal, a mission, or anything in-between. Taking a girl across the country during the apocalypse. Protecting the man you love. What matters is that we find something that matters more than we do.*
		- about bring "heterodox" people together to have a "difficult conversation"
			- https://beiner.substack.com/p/protopia-and-the-future-of-heterodoxy/comments
			- https://michanarberhaus.substack.com/p/the-difficulty-of-difficult-conversations
			- complete unconvinced by any of these; specifically: about the "poor" traditionalists or conservatives and whatever it is of benefit that they bring to the discussion
				- *The polarisation dynamic in Western societies is taking place between a largely progressive-liberal, academic elite living in big cities and metropolises and the working class often living in smaller towns and cities and representing a more traditional worldview. The political polarisation and the rise of reactionary far-right populism is a rebellion against the effects of globalisation, high immigration and fast cultural changes (gender, sex, diversity, identity politics, etc.) which they feel have been imposed on them. People with traditional values feel that these big and fast changes have too many downsides: a fragmented society with weakened shared norms, institutions and values.*
				- *I suspect that at least some of the tension at our workshop stems from the fact that some participants do not yet have a full understanding of the destructive cultural dynamics in Western societies. I do not blame them for this. The pervasive narratives in our broken information ecology reinforce the dominant paradigm. Few people, for example, have any idea of the destructive effects of transgender ideology, especially on children, because the mainstream media in most European countries rarely report on it. The same applies to the side effects of Covid vaccines and many other important issues about which there is no pluralistic public discourse.*
				-
				-
	-